Webpack: opt-in filesystem cache + stop wiping `.cache/` on clean (#49174)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/js-packages/webpack-config/README.md

* `ignored`: `[ '**/node_modules', '**/dist', '**/vendor' ]`.

#### `cache( configFile )`

> `cache` is a function returning an object suitable for use as Webpack's `cache` setting, enabling Webpack's filesystem cache scoped per consumer project. Opt in by spreading it into your config and passing the config's own path:

Reviewer: A link to the webpack docs about `cache` would probably be useful here, and we do it in other places in the readme.

The "by spreadng" isn't correct, and personally I think the whole sentence about opting in can go. Everything here is opting in.

```suggestion
`cache` is a function returning an object suitable for use as Webpack's [`cache`](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/cache/) setting, enabling Webpack's filesystem cache scoped per consumer project.
```

```js
cache: jetpackWebpackConfig.cache( __filename ), // or `import.meta.filename` in ESM
```

It returns:

* `type`: `'filesystem'`.
* `cacheDirectory`: `path.resolve( process.cwd(), '.cache/webpack', <configFile basename> )` — namespaced by the config file so a project's multiple configs (some built concurrently) don't share, and clobber, a single cache pack.
* `store`: `'pack'`.

> * `buildDependencies.config`: `[ configFile ]` — so the cache invalidates when your config file changes. (`name` is left unset; Webpack's default already namespaces by `mode`, keeping production and development caches separate.)

Reviewer: Seems unnecessary to mention `name`.
```suggestion
* `buildDependencies.config`: `[ configFile ]` — so the cache invalidates when your config file changes.
```
